i like chinese food uh could you make me some proposals. sum i would like to go for dinner tonight to chinese restaurant. snot too much maybe between five and eight dollars per person. si have a car so i do n't care. stell me more about oriental food to go. suh i would like to have sushi today for lunch. si do not know i do not want to know anything more about chinese restaurants i want to know about sushi. sdo you know about a place called sushi - ko. suh i guess the french cuisine is the best all over the world do you have something appropriate for me. splease show me french restaurants in berkeley. si would like to go for dinner tomorrow night to a french restaurant. si would spend until twenty dollars per person and it should be. sshould be in driving distance. stell me more about that la tour eiffel. swhat can you tell me about i think it was called uh metropole. sgive me the list of all french restaurants in berkeley. si want to to eat european food. slet 's say up to fifteen dollar. si want to travel up to three kilometers. stell me a little bit more about nadine's. si 'm looking for a restaurant. si would like to eat american food. si want to do it in the evening. sup to ten dollar. sgive me a little bit more information about top dog. si want to go for breakfast in the surroundings of the icsi. si 'd like to eat mexican. sup to twenty dollar. si 'd like to have european breakfast. sit could be in a surrounding of five kilometers. si want to eat lunch today. si want to eat dinner on sunday evening. smoney is no object. ssince i have a car travel distance is not important. sare there any chinese restaurants within walking distance of icsi. sin the early evening. snot more than ten dollars. sdo any of the restaurants on this list serve vegetarian food.  sdoes hong - kong villa serve spicy szechuan cuisine.  sare any of the restaurants on the list open in the morning. slist me all the german restaurants in berkeley. smy in-laws will visit me next weekend and i would like to take them to a indian restaurant uh any suggestions. sit should preferably be within walking distance. swhich of these two restaurants serves uh southern indian cuisine. sshow me the list again. sdo you know of any restaurants that serve pickled pigs feet. show about boiled pigs feet that 's a german delicacy. scan you at least list the nationality of these restaurants. smy wedding anniversary is coming up and i would like a list of the really fancy restaurants. sthe kind of food does n't matter as long as it is expensive. sthis saturday night. sdistance does n't matter we 're gon na take a chauffeured limousine. splease list only those restaurants in the highest price category. scan you give me some more information on the metropole restaurant. scan you give me some more information on the metropole restaurant. si would like to eat some cuban food not to spend more than twenty five dollars. si would like to eat some russian food and not spend more than ten dollars. si would like to eat this late afternoon. si would like not to travel more than a mile away from here. si would like to eat some russian food. stell me something about petrouchka. si would like to have some uh fish food for dinner and um i 'm not really sure what type of restaurant it should be whether or. slike to i would like to um eat tonight um at seven o'clock p__m approximately. slike to i would like to um eat tonight um at seven o'clock p__m approximately. suh something in the medium range let 's say about twenty twenty five dollars per person. soh um how far from icsi um somewhere either in walking distance or where i can take uh. scould you please give us some more information on gertie's. suh i would like to go for lunch uh to some mexican place. swell uh not very much something in the up to ten dollar range. suh actually i have a car available now so my friend can take me to um anywhere within the east bay area. si have n't yet tried cactus taqueria so could you please give me um some additional information on it. suh thank you for this information but could you please tell me if they uh serve alcohol or not. scould i please see a list of um mexican restaurants that i asked for before. scould you possibly recommend any place yourself. sthank you very much and goodbye. si 'd like to eat some indian food tonight. sless than twelve dollars a head. sless than twelve dollars a head. si do n't really care. si 'd like to take a friend for some vietnamese lunch today. sless than twenty four dollars total. si 'd like to take my father for an expensive french dinner tonight. si do n't care. sshow me more about the metropole. sshow me all the thai restaurants in berkeley. sshow me more on siam cuisine. shi i would like some thai food. si want to get some lunch. si would like some mexican food. si would like to eat some thai food. sthai food. stuesday. si want some mexican food. smonday. si want to go on tuesday. sare you reading me. son tuesday. stomorrow. sthursday. sor wednesday but not saturday. si would like some thai food. si would like to eat on tuesday. si would like to eat on saturday. sdinner. si do n't have a lot of time. si would like to eat on tuesday. si want some cheap food. si would like to eat lunch. si 'd like to eat dinner. sand i do n't want to spend a lot of money. sfifteen minutes and i need cheap food. ssunday. snone. si do n't want to spend much. snot fast food. si want to eat this afternoon. svery little. sany amount of distance. sand i do n't want to go to sizzler. si want some thai food. snot much. sbreakfast lunch or dinner is okay. sdo you mean by bike walking or car. si like thai mexican italian. si do n't want to go to any burger places. si do n't want to go anywhere that 's further than fifteen minutes away on a bike. si would invite you to go with me but i think you 'd be horrible company. sunless of course the service is really slow no offense. si do n't want to go outside of the bay area. sand i do n't ever wan na spend more than forty dollars on a meal. susually i like to spend between two dollars and ten dollars. si does n't have to be fancy but no bugs. scarl's - jr. sis okay though good zucchini fries. sby the way i am a vegetarian. senjoy all of your dining experiences. si would like to eat american food. shi i would like to eat some american food. ssaturday or any day on the weekend. samerican food american californian. samerican food american californian. si am willing to travel any distance from icksee. sany distance. sit should cost less than twenty five dollars per person. stwenty minutes walking distance. sit should cost less than fifteen dollar per person. stwenty minutes walking distance. shello i would like to eat some italian food. sand it 's gon na be a dinner. sitalian. si would like to eat some italian food. sitalian you know spaghetti pizza. sany day but i would like also to eat some other thing either than pizza like spaghetti. sthe distance is not important. sdinner. si have the car so i can go whenever. si have the car so i can go whenever. sdinner. sit must be on the weekend friday night or saturday night. sdinner in the evening after six. sif i go lunch it 's any weekday if i go dinner it 's only on the weekend. sit must be good food i 'm not interested in exactly what. sshow me the best restaurant around. sshow me the best restaurant around. stonight for dinner. sany price i am not interested in price now. si would like to have some mexican food. si 'm interested in having some mexican food. si would like to have some italian food. soh i do n't know how about something like next thursday. si 'd prefer to eat on tuesday or wednesday. si 'd like to eat on friday afternoon. smexican food please. si do n't want to spend more any more than fifteen dollars. si never eat lunch so i would like to eat dinner. stuesday. si usually do n't eat lunch so breakfast would be better for me. si 'd prefer dinner. si do n't want to walk farther than one mile from here. sno more than ten dollars. si 'd like to have both indian and italian food. si 'd like my italian food to be to cost no more than ten dollars. show about breakfast. si 'd like to have indo - european food. swell i 'm uh on a strict budget right now and would n't want to spend any less than ten thousand dollars. sis there any place close to the water. sdo you know of any antarctican restaurants. show about senegalese food. si 'd like to either tuesday wednesday or thursday it does n't matter but not saturday and not friday. sis there anything on cedar street. si 'd like to eat no less than ten feet off the ground. si would like to have russian food. show about pizza. si do n't want any food i would like to have a new car instead. shi can i uh have some thai food please. shello i would like to make a reservation at a chinese restaurant. shi i 'm looking for a mexican restaurant. schinese food. shi i would like to eat some thai food. shi i would like a reservation for a japanese restaurant. si do n't want to go very far. shi i would like to eat some thai food. si can only spend ten dollars or less. swednesday. sand this will be for lunch. si 'm looking for a chinese restaurant on wednesday. slooking for a mexican restaurant. slooking for a japanese restaurant. sdo n't want to have to drive very far. si 'm willing to spend from five to ten dollars. sand this will be on sunday. slooking for a restaurant that serves chinese food. sbut it has to cost less than twenty dollars. si will be going on thursday. si will be going on thursday. sand this will be for dinner. shi i 'm looking for an italian restaurant. sit has to be within ten miles from here. sum preferably uh inexpensive restaurant. sfor saturday. sand it will be for dinner. shi i 'm looking for a french restaurant. sit will be for dinner next week. sit can be very expensive. shi i 'm looking for a korean restaurant. sit will be for lunch. sand i 'm going to go tomorrow. shi i 'm looking for a place to eat on thursday. spreferably japanese food. si can only walk ten minutes or so. shi i 'm looking for spanish restaurant. sand it has to be within twenty minutes driving distance. slooking for a american restaurant. sand i 'm willing to drive ten miles. sand uh it should cost less than five dollars. si want to spend twenty dollars. si would like to have lunch. sgo tonight. si do n't want to spend more than ten dollars. shave dinner. shave dinner. si do n't want to go too far. swhat about a thai restaurant. si do n't want to go too far. snear from icsi. snot too far. si 'd like to have breakfast. son sunday afternoon. si do n't want to travel very much. sto have lunch. si 'd like to eat spanish food. slike to have lunch. sin berkeley. si want to have dinner. son monday evening. si want to eat italian food. sto have. si 'd like to go tomorrow night. sno more than twenty dollars. sin the bay area. sno more than twenty dollars. son friday. sto have dinner. si want to go to have uh dinner. snot expensive. son thursday evening. si 'd like to have breakfast. sin a french restaurant. svery far. sto have lunch. si 'd like to go to a portuguese restaurant. sin san__francisco. sand pay twenty dollars. ssometime next week. slunch. si 'd like to have. sin oakland. snot expensive. son wednesday. sfor dinner. si like to go to an american restaurant. sin the united states. sabout ten dollars. son friday. sto have breakfast. si 'd like to go to a native american restaurant. sin arizona. sno more than five dollars. si 'd like to go an ethiopian oh i 'm sorry ethiopian restaurant. sin oakland. sabout ten dollars. stomorrow. sat lunch. si would like to eat chinese food. sthe cost does n't matter. si would like to have cheap food. si would like to have lunch today. sfriday is a good day for lunch. sgive me more information about taiwan restaurant. si would like to go there for dinner. si feel like italian food. si have a car so distance does n't matter. schinese food. si want to go on the weekend. si like mexican food. show about brunch. si like mexican food. sgive me information about a salad bar. si want to eat today. si want to eat mexican food. sthe price should be relatively inexpensive. sonly five minutes from icksee. sthe day of the week does n't matter. sfive minutes from icksee. si want to go there next week on saturday. sabout five dollars. si wish to have breakfast there. stell my more about ay - caramba. sgive me information about a good steak house. stell me more about taqueria cancun. sdo you know of any german restaurants in this area. sgive me information about taqueria cancun. si want to eat thai food. si want to eat vegetarian food. si would like to go out for dinner. stell me about cambodiana. si want to have indian food close to icksee and i want to have it today. si want cheap italian food for lunch. swhere do i find a big steak. sdo you know of a good pizza place. sdo you know of a good pizza place. si feel like japanese food. si wish to know more about chez - panisse. si would like to spend about fifteen dollars per person. si want to have lunch tomorrow at a very expensive indian restaurant. si would like some inexpensive greek food. si want some american food in berkeley. sperhaps you can point me to a a good restaurant close by uh for tonight. si 'm poor i 'm broke and i do n't have a car so i need something nearby and very cheap. sinexpensive not expensive. ssomething uh american no greek wait no let 's see i could really go for some middle eastern food. sgreek food cheap and nearby. sum somewhere to take uh someone saturday dinner. ssome greek food. sat places between say twenty to fifty bucks. sa close. snow better make that say ten to fifteen dollars actually now. shopefully walking distance. slike to dine this evening. swhat do you suggest for dinner tonight. si 'd like to eat out tonight. si do n't want greek or french or american. sdo you have some sort of southern cuisine. sany middle eastern restaurants. sfor a midweek luncheon meeting. smiddle eastern food. sno more than twenty dollars per person. smoney is no object. sand no further than san__francisco. slunch on saturday. showbout san__francisco restaurants. suh maybe uh some ethiopian food. ssunday brunch. sfive dollars or less. ssunday dinner. suh about ten to fifteen dollars per person. swhy not good old american. sthe best burger in town please. sfor american food. ssomewhere close to the university and very inexpensive. si wan na eat right now. sany german food on file. sdinner for four under one hundred dollars. sfor a nice business dinner. scan you suggest a restaurant with spicy food. si 'll drive to san__diego if i have to. ssay about fifty bucks a pop. sand that would be for lunch on tuesday afternoon. sey what do you got in the way of indian food. seither concord or walnut__creek. sand of course because i am a poor starving student it would have to be cheap. sbut it has to be within say fifteen miles of san__francisco for tonight. showbout a good brunch somewhere in berkeley. suh anywhere in the bay area. suh relatively inexpensive and for a dinner on monday. sless than five dollars. slate night. sclose by. snot too far. sclose to san__francisco. swithin five miles of berkeley. smoney is no object. si am in the mood for szechuan chinese food. si feel like some chinese food. sto eat today i 'm hungry. shello. si would like szechuan food please. si want to eat lunch. swell in that case how about some greek food. si like to walk so i could go pretty far. sdo you have anything that 's pretty close to icksee. swell i do n't care if it 's szechuan um any kind of chinese is fine. si did not say thai i said any kind of chinese is fine. show about something that is pretty cheap. snot thai. si feel like vegetarian pizza. snot thai food chinese instead. show about some greek gyros. swhere is chez - panisse. sin greek food. si do n't want chinese i want greek food. swell thank you very much i 'm gon na go eat now. sit has to be vegetarian too. suh can you make it cheap. si said i do n't feel like pizza. si decided i 'm in a hurry can you get some place really close. syou know i am so hungry i do n't care what kind of food it is. show about some greek food. soh i do n't care how far it is but i want some greek food. sany distance at all. sum can you tell me something about mexican restaurants. si would like to eat mexican. suh howbout on a sunday. slunch please. si said lunch. suh i would like it to be under ten dollars. suh i would like it to be under ten dollars. suh fifteen minute by walking. showbout dinner. schinese food please. ssunday. si would like it to be for dinner. si would like to spend less than twenty dollars. swithin twenty minutes walking. stwenty minutes. scan you show me the menu. si said sunday. swhat do you know about won thai cuisine. swhat information do you have on cha - am. sdo you know any greek restaurant. si said greek restaurant. sgreek restaurants on any day. sthree miles. sany meal. sit does n't matter. sthe price does n't matter. sdoes n't matter. showbout within twenty miles. sdo you know about cambodian restaurant. sdo you know about cambodian restaurant. suh howbout cha - am restaurant. scan you show me more indian restaurants. si want indian restaurant. showbout japanese restaurant. scalifornian food. sany day. suh i would like to eat lunch. si said ten dollars. si feel like an italian lunch today. sfive bucks will be okay. saround five dollars preferably less. shopefully just a block or two. slet 's say a half a mile or less. si want just a snack today. si want a snack. si feel like a burrito today. si 'm interested in dinner. si wan na spend five dollars or less. stwo blocks away or less. sdo you have the menu for taqueria de berkeley. scan i see the menu for taqueria de berkeley. sare there any other mexican restaurants. sbreakfast today. sdo you know any pizza places. sbreakfast god dammit. sfor breakfast. si 'll pay two dollars per slice. stwo dollars per slice. shas to be real close. sdoes arinell pizza have sicilian. stell me about arinell pizza. showbout a fancy dinner. si 'd like a fancy dinner. samerican food would be nice. sfriday or saturday night. sfriday or saturday evening. si have a car so i can travel up to ten miles. swhat 's soul brother 's kitchen. sthat 's too expensive. showbout spenger's. showbout chinese instead. stell me more. stell me more about hong - kong east ocean. swhat good breakfast places are there. sno barbecue i want indian food. si want fast food for lunch today. sindian fast food five dollars or less. sjust a few bucks. sum i i wan na go for lunch and it 's monday and the cost does n't matter. sgive me some more information about jupiter. stell me more about arinell pizza. sokay start over and look for thai food. slook for thai food restaurants. sdo they serve breakfast. si wan na go for dinner. suh price should be about twelve dollars. suh price should be about twelve dollars. suh up to five miles. stell me more about the berkeley thai house. sno i wan na have dinner not breakfast. sno i wan na have dinner not breakfast. sno i wan na have dinner not breakfast. sno i wan na have dinner not breakfast. sno i wan na have dinner not breakfast. sno i wan na have dinner not breakfast. si want to have dinner. si want to go for dinner. sgive me more information about won thai cuisine. sdo you know any mcdonald 's restaurant. sno i wan na eat hamburger. suh should n't cost more than five dollars. snot more than five dollar. si do n't wan na pay more than five bucks. suh for lunch. si do n't wan na pay more than five bucks. ssunday and for dinner. shey what 's bongo burger. sdo you know any sandwich restaurants. stell me something about la tour eiffel. swhat what is la tour eiffel. swhat what is la tour eiffel. si wan na eat sushi. stell me something nearby and cheap. si wan na eat on wednesday. sfor lunch and let 's say two blocks away from the icsi. sokay cost does n't matter. swhat is sushi - ko. sokay i wan na have some american breakfast on saturday morning. scost does n't matter and distance does n't matter either. scost does n't matter. sum okay let 's say seven bucks. swhere is mel 's diner. stell me more about the continental garden. si would like to eat some indian food. si would like to eat at a restaurant close to icksee. si need to eat now. ssomewhere cheap would be good. si want cheap meal. sgive me some more information on sujatha's. show about some italian food. si want an expensive meal. si 'm going out for food on saturday lunch time. si will be looking for food on saturday. sthe restaurant can be any distance from icksee. sit does n't matter if the restaurant is a long way from icksee. si can go up to two miles from icksee. sa cheap pizza will do fine. stell me about blondie 's. svegetarian food. swhat about some vegetarian food. si will be eating tonight. sthe restaurant must be close to icksee. swhere is a good place for chinese food. swhere is a good place for chinese food. sif it 's chinese for breakfast it can be cheap. sif it 's no chinese it will have to be american. stell me about lox stock and bagel. si want to know about lox stock and bagel. stell me about cactus. snow i 'm interested in mexican food. snow i 'm interested in mexican food. sthe day i want to eat is wednesday. snot breakfast lunch time. sno it 's mexican food burritos for lunch. si want to eat at one p__m. sokay what about thai food. si want to go out for dinner. smid priced thai food is what i 'm looking for. smid priced food. smid priced food. snot expensive and not cheap. sno japanese like sushi. sjapanese sushi. si 'd like some indian food. si 'd like to eat today. si 'd like to have dinner. sno more than fifteen dollars. sno more than five miles. sdoes pasand restaurant have any live music there. ssorry i meant if pasand has live music. swill i get food poisoning if i eat at pasand. si 'd like some italian food. si 'd like to eat on wednesday. si 'm sorry i said that i would like to eat on wednesday. si 'm sorry i said that i would like to eat on wednesday. si want lunch. sno more than six dollars. show much seating does spats have. sdo i need to make a reservation. show about lasagna. si said that i would like lasagna. swhat is the cross street for spats. si would like ethiopian food. son tuesday. sten dollars. sno more than three miles. sso the minimum cost for blue nile is twenty dollars. sdo they server liquor at blue nile. si would like chinese food. stoday please. slunch. seight dollars. show about seven dollars. sfour miles please. sfour miles please. si said i 'd like to go six miles. si asked for chinese food. sdoes lantern allow smoking. scan i smoke at lantern. si want american food. ssaturday. slunch. stwenty dollars. swhat kind of food does grace cafe have. sdo they have hamburgers. shamburgers. sfrench fries. show much is metropole. show much is metropole. si want japanese food. si want japanese food. show much is the food at yoshi's. scan i take a bus to yoshi's. si 'd like some vietnamese food. si want to go no more than ten miles. sno i said i want to go no more than ten miles. sbreakfast. ssix dollars. show about nine dollars. swhat about lunch. sle cheval. sshow me the price for le cheval. sgive me additional information on le cheval. syeah i 'd like to eat german food and i do n't wan na spend more money than twenty dollars. suh i said i do n't wan na spend more than twenty dollars. si said twenty dollars. si want to have dinner tomorrow and i do n't want to spend more than thirty dollars. si want to eat dinner. si want to have dinner in a german restaurant tomorrow. si said german tomorrow. si wan na spend thirty dollars in a german restaurant. si 'm willing to travel twenty minutes from icsi. si 'd like to eat cheap german food tomorrow. si 'd like to have lunch. si 'm willing to travel one hour from icsi. si want to have lunch in a french restaurant tomorrow for sixty dollars. si wan na travel at least one hour. si do n't want to travel far away. si wan na eat polish food at friday. srussian food. si want to spend very much money. ssixty five dollars. si want to eat pizza. si 'd like to eat dinner yesterday. si 'd like to eat on saturday for about seventy five dollars. sforty dollars. si do n't care. stell me more about nino's. stell me more about arinell pizza. stell me more about nino's. si 'd like to eat on sunday night. si 'd like to spend about ten dollars. sabout twenty minutes on foot. si would like to travel twenty minutes on foot. sabout two or three miles. sabout two or three miles only. swhere is sujatha's. sno i want to know about indian restaurants. si want to go to an indian restaurant. sindian. sindian restaurant. splease tell me about indian restaurants. swhich restaurants are open late. swhere is the closest greek restaurant. si 'd like to eat today. si 'd like to eat lunch. si 'd like to eat a gyro. si 'd like to eat a cheap lunch close by. si 'd like to eat a cheap lunch close by. snot more than one mile. snot more than one mile. swhere can i find steak. si would like to eat. si would like to eat a cheap dinner today. sa cheap dinner. si would like to eat a cheap dinner. si would like dinner. snot more than three miles. si 'm looking for a thai restaurant that is not too expensive and is on south side. sum for dinner on the weekends that does n't require reservations. si 'd like some information on cha - am thai restaurant. si 'd like some information on cha - am thai restaurant. si 'm looking for a restaurant for my parents when they come into town um italian food um dressy casual. swould be for dinner on a friday or saturday evening. sum my parents would be willing to spend fifteen to twenty five dollars on entrees um. stell me more information on ristorante venezia. sstart over show me the list. stell me about the musical offering cafe. stell me about cafe milano. stell me about cafe milano. si 'm looking for a greek restaurant um casual for the weekends evening um that 's between the. si do n't want to travel any further than ten minutes from icsi. stell me more information about vasiliki. sdo you need reservations for this restaurant. si 'm looking for a fun um mostly college crowd mexican food restaurant that 's cheap. sit would be for the weekends um i would prefer it to be no more that ten minutes away from icsi. stell me more about manuel's. si 'm looking for oh you do n't have anything about locations like hearst avenue finished. shello i 'm jeff and i wan na go for dinner. si would like to eat some mexican food. si 'm very cheap i do n't want to spend very much money maybe five dollars. si own a bike and i 'm willing to bike for about ten minutes. si want mexican food for lunch. sabout five dollars. si want to bike for five minutes. si 'm hungry is there a good place to eat. si want to eat on friday. si want to eat on friday. sbreakfast but i do n't want hungarian food i want eggs. sfive dollars. sfive minutes walk. si would like to walk for five minutes. swhich ones have eggs. s